Followup improvements to GRPO job example (#3600)
Azure/azureml-examples: sdk/python/jobs/grpo/README.md

> ### This directory hosts an example to train an Instruct model into a Reasoning model on AML using GRPO - a RFT technique

Reviewer: In my opinion let's expand GRPO

Author: All done.

### This directory hosts an example to train an Instruct model into a Reasoning model on AML using Group Relative Policy Optimization (GRPO) - a RFT technique

#### Introduction:

> This notebook guides you through the end-to-end process of fine-tuning the **Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct** model into a **reasoning model** using medical data on **Azure ML**. Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct is an instruction-tuned large language model developed by Alibaba Cloud, based on their Qwen2.5-7B foundation model. \

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this repo, one will fine a notebook (launch_grpo_command_job-med-mcqa-commented.ipynb) that guides one through an end-to-end process of fine-tuning the **Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct** model into a **reasoning model** using medical data on **Azure ML**. Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct is an instruction-tuned large language model developed by Alibaba Cloud, based on their Qwen2.5-7B foundation model. \
```

> In this repo, one will fine a notebook (launch_grpo_command_job-med-mcqa-commented.ipynb) that details an end-to-end process of fine-tuning the **Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct** model into a **reasoning model** using medical data on **Azure ML**. Qwen2.5-7B-Instruct is an instruction-tuned large language model developed by Alibaba Cloud, based on their Qwen2.5-7B foundation model. \

Reviewer: typo : fine
